Add KSQL support for BETWEEN in predicates #1004. (#2366)
confluentinc/ksql: docs/developer-guide/syntax-reference.rst

-  ``from_item LEFT JOIN from_item ON join_condition``

The WHERE clause can refer to any column defined for a stream or table,

> including the two implicit columns ``ROWTIME`` and ``ROWKEY``. If these

Reviewer: You don't need to mention this. They can be used as other columns in all operators including BETWEEN.

Author: Got it - I will add a dedicated section as discussed offline about BETWEEN next to LIKE.

-  ``from_item LEFT JOIN from_item ON join_condition``

The WHERE clause can refer to any column defined for a stream or table,

> including the two implicit columns ``ROWTIME`` and ``ROWKEY``. If those

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
including the two implicit columns ``ROWTIME`` and ``ROWKEY``. If these
```

> columns contain Strings or Scalar values, the BETWEEN keyword can be used

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
columns contain strings or scalar values, you can use the BETWEEN keyword
```

Author: Passive tense is a bad habit of mine! Thanks for checking it :)

      FROM users
      WHERE user_id LIKE 'santa%';

BETWEEN
~~~~~~~

**Synopsis**

.. code:: sql

    WHERE expression [NOT] BETWEEN start_expression AND end_expression;

> The BETWEEN operator is used to indicate that a certain value must lie within

Reviewer 3: > Currently, KSQL supports numeric and string values for comparison.

Probably worth fleshing this out a bit. eg. arithmetic is supported, so is struct, array, map access. Anything else? Function calls aren't, anything else?  This probably also highlight any missing JSON tests, both negative and positive.

Author: Totally agree. I will rephrase this to: "Currently, KSQL supports any expression that resolves to a numeric or string value for comparison". Does that cover things?

> (inclusive of boundaries) a specified range. Currently KSQL supports numeric

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
a specified range, inclusive of boundaries. Currently, KSQL supports numeric
```
